So we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna do a couple of different
things here really quickly.
The next thing we really need to focus on
is our service infrastructure automation.
So if I go here, right, we see that we've
gotten pretty far, honestly, right?
We got TFP now, we got GitHub now,
we got network, we got cluster.
We don't have an opinionation
around our services, though,
we have no automation around that.
So even though we have an ECS
cluster up and running,
we don't actually have automation for
that.
Now, this is completely speculative.
You can do this different ways,
it's totally up to you.
My personal opinion is pick the scenario
that fits best for you, okay?
What we're gonna do is,
we're gonna make one workspace that in
the future could talk to
multiple cloud providers, okay?
However, if you wanted, you could also
have workspaces per cloud provider and
follow that same pattern just like we
do with the other workspaces, right?
So this decision is kind of up to you,
right, but
it is something that to consider.
To make it quick for us,
I just kept everything in one repo.
So let's go to GitHub, because remember,
we need a repository created for
the repo that we're trying to copy from.
So we're gonna go to, actually, sorry,
we're first going to pull, make sure we've
always got our recent changes because we
don't want to make changes accidentally,
[LAUGH] when we don't mean to.
And then I'm gonna create a new branch.
Again, I'm gonna call this
feature/add-service-repo.
And then I'm gonna go to my locals.tf,
right?
And I'm gonna copy and
paste from the repo.
Again, make sure that the visibility is
set to public if you don't see it set to
public.
One other thing to note, this has
actually got a go gitignore_template.
Because it's a go so,
this is our actual service, right?
This isn't automation,
So what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna create
that example product service, right?
That's it, validate,
Feature/added-service-repository.
Push it.
Gh pr create.
Go to our second branch or our second pr.
And again, we might see some things
that are updating, don't worry about it.
Focus on the things that we're creating,
which are these two repositories.
They look good, cool.
Squash and merge, Beautiful.
When you're really flying,
that's how quick it is.
So yeah, cool.
All right, now while this pipeline,
actually no, we need to wait for
this pipeline, my apologies.
Yeah, actually,
while this pipeline is running,
I want you guys to also pull up the
Frontend Masters ECI service repository.
Now, this repository is the actual
service repo where the code exists for
the service that we're gonna
be trying to deploy here.
Realistically, you wanna copy pretty
much everything in this repository.
So all the GitHub stuff,
the config stuff, the gitignore,
all of this needs to be copied, right?
And so once our repository is created,
we're gonna do that.
So if you ever find yourself in
a circumstance like this where it's just
taking a while and you're like,
I don't know what to do,
you should probably just let it run.
The reason for that is that if
you cancel it while it's running,
there might be state going on.
I'm sorry, there might be state that is
still being updated or stuff like that.
So if that's the case,
then it you could potentially cancel
during the middle of those changes,
so I would let it just run.
There we go, i finally happened again.
It just took a few seconds, no big deal.
Yeah, okay, so
if there was a TF cloud outage right now
then we would not be able to finish.
[LAUGH] And just to be fair, so yeah.
Okay, cool so now we're applying.
Applies normally go quicker because
plants have to go look up stuff check
to see if things have changed all that
kind of stuff whereas applies can
really just kinda do what they need to.
I'm just gonna keep refreshing here.
There we go, here we go, created awesome.
So all of our repositories are created.
So now I'm gonna clone it, right?
I just created my service repo.
I'm going to do git checkout
really quickly in my GitHub repo,
pull my changes so
that I'm up to date, right?
And then I'm gonna go and I'm gonna
clone my last repo that we need for
the course,
which is my ECI service repository.
And so here, again,
we're gonna move really fast because
there's a few things we need to copy.
The first one is
the GitHub workflows file.
Now we are gonna be using GitHub workflows
underneath the hood, so it will be good
of you to kind of get comfortable with
this bit, and look at what we've got here.
The first thing to note is that
you'll see a registry name here.
This is unique to you guys.
So this registry name, you will
have to update with the account ID
of your account, right,
you cannot use my account to push images.
But pretty much everything else but
outside of this will handle the deployment
and the configuration of the service,
and I'll show you that in a second.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
do new directory .github.
Inside of that, new directory workflows.
Inside of that, new file, main.yaml.
I'm gonna paste in this whole thing.
Now again, for me, this will work.
For you, however, this value right
here needs to be the value, sorry,
this value right here needs to be
the value of your account, right, so
this is your account number basically.
So let's go ahead and save that, all
right, and then let's get the other file.
Now again, these are all
related to the service itself.
So we're gonna go to configs next.
Remember how I told you that we
could keep the configuration of
the service with the service?
Well, this is how we're doing it,
at least for this approach.
Now this may not be the approach you want
to take in an enterprise scenario, right?
We can kind of say, okay, hey, let's
make some way of configuration possible.
And then when we run the pipeline,
go get that data and apply it.
So the only thing I really want you to
take away here is that, we have separated
configurations we've put them somewhere
else, right, somewhere is up to you.
It can be Doppler, it can be Terraform,
it can be whatever you want, really.
But we have separated the configs so
that they can run with the pipeline, okay?
So what I'm gonna do is,
is I'm gonna copy this,
new file, main.conf and
I'm gonna paste this in, right?
Now I have an actual configuration for
my services.
That means that my service is expecting
a Frontend Master instructor,
a Frontend Master location, and a Frontend
Master version value or variables, right?
And then the rest of it is
pretty straightforward.
It's a gitignor,
Which already was kind of populated a bit.
Yeah, so exact same thing.
Docker file, so we are using Docker, so
if you guys are curious and how we're
actually, building the image, I would
recommend looking at the Docker file,
come on Docker file, Right, paste that in.
Again the the contents of
these files are irrelevant.
go.mod, And
then finally the main.go.
And by the way, I wanna make
a quick shout out to my coworker,
she was actually the wonderful person
who created this example service for me.
So, [LAUGH] shout out to him,
he's a wonderful developer and
super nice friends, so thank you.
Cool, so we'll save all that.
And now,
we basically have our repository set up.
We want to achieve the ability
to run this in Github actions,
build the image,
push it to our ECR, right, and
then also update our configuration
files as needed, right?
So what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna do git checkout -b
feature/initial-commit, right,
my initial commit.
And then I'm just gonna do this,
And add all my files, right?
So I'm just adding all my files basically,
let's go ahead and
just commit these first because we
need to create some automation.
So we'll say feature
added all source files.
The reason why we're doing this first
is because our automation hasn't been
necessarily created yet, right, so
we need to make sure that we do that now.
We just created the service repo, and
that gives you an example of
how all that is wired up.
But we need to create
an automation repository for
actually handling the process of
doing our service infrastructure you.
So I've gone ahead and
showed you how to set up a service, right?
So let's now go ahead and make it so
that that service can exist
inside of automation.